README.md, before:

# Prject Name : DelMark

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

# E-commerce Project step by step

- First step user vagitabe add to time must be login.
- Second step user logged after current path replace.
- Thrid step user some information with product some information sent.
- Four step user spesic email method data all product get.
- AxiosSure hook use the and use Interceptors request and respone funtion create.
- AxiosSure inside We server site send headers and save token.

# E-commerce Server step by step

- Server Site Token for Post Method created.
- Token post create before terminal panel from some cmd have.
- cmd have : node, require('crypto').randomBytes(64).toString('hex') done.
- install jwt and documentation see, jwt.sign method use for post method .
- Some api Secure to do middle ware function create,
- Admin make sure one functon create .
- Specific id Dara Data Load and, patch method use product admin new project add,
- Admin this product update and use Patch Mathod ,

# How To image Host in Imagebb Step by step?

- First step Imagebb api key, and client inside .env.local,
- second step image file current access.
- axios Public post method use.
- post inside heardes name object inside 'conten-type': 'mulpart/form.data'.
- res.data.data.imageURL : access image link send to Mongo DB

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

Commit message:

payment, checkOutform update and readme fle update

README.md, after:

# Prject Name : DelMark

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

# E-commerce Project step by step

- First step user vagitabe add to time must be login.
- Second step user logged after current path replace.
- Thrid step user some information with product some information sent.
- Four step user spesic email method data all product get.
- AxiosSure hook use the and use Interceptors request and respone funtion create.
- AxiosSure inside We server site send headers and save token.

# E-commerce Server step by step

- Server Site Token for Post Method created.
- Token post create before terminal panel from some cmd have.
- cmd have : node, require('crypto').randomBytes(64).toString('hex') done.
- install jwt and documentation see, jwt.sign method use for post method .
- Some api Secure to do middle ware function create,
- Admin make sure one functon create .
- Specific id Dara Data Load and, patch method use product admin new project add,
- Admin this product update and use Patch Mathod ,

# How To image Host in Imagebb Step by step?

- First step Imagebb api key, and client inside .env.local,
- second step image file current access.
- axios Public post method use.
- post inside heardes name object inside 'conten-type': 'mulpart/form.data'.
- res.data.data.imageURL : access image link send to Mongo DB

# How To Payment GetWay Emplement, Stripe.js Use Step by step?

- Install Stripe and Stripe react.js.
- Payment and CheckOutForm Page Created.
- Go to Stripe github example inside hook, and All Flow.

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh
